=Angels and Guards=
=Episode 13=
(Emerald Pavilion)
(Magnanimous and Refined)
Bingfan.
Guan.
This is a remedy
I asked someone to find
for your insomnia.
I... I brewed it myself.
This
uses pork heart with 15 grams
of biota seeds,
(Magnanimous and Refined)
seasoned with various spices and lard.
Once the pork heart is cooked,
take one serving a day,
and you will sleep peacefully
without nightmares.
Pork...
Pork heart?
It really works.
Here.
Drink it while it is hot.
No, no.
Guan,
I appreciate the thought.
But this pork heart...
I brewed it myself.
Try it.
Have you tried it yourself?
I don't have insomnia.
Why would I drink it?
Right, Bingfan?
Then how do you know it works?
I...
I will try it.
You are too precious for this.
Let me try it myself.
How does it taste?
Bingfan.
Thank goodness you didn't drink it.
Please don't make it again.
Bingfan,
I'm good at cooking actually.
I will make you something later.
Archivist Li.
May I access Commissioner Lu's
service record
and the case files he handled?
He holds the fourth rank.
His files aren't classified internally.
But why do you want to see
his service record and case files?
I...
I greatly admire him.
Archivist Li, please don't ask.
Just tell me
whether I have the rank and authority
to access Commissioner Lu's
service record and case files.
Of course you do, Chief Squad Leader.
Here.
Register here.
(Chong'er Pavilion)
Lu Guokai and Shen Lian received orders.
A swift search was conducted, followed
by interrogation and investigation.
The official site was then confirmed.
So Lu Guokai
used to be my father's partner.
Before Prince Luo's treason case,
his career was going nowhere.
He had always ranked below my father,
only a Deputy Qianhu.
But after Prince Luo's case,
he rose quickly
and became the Commissioner.
He became the only man
Commander Zhang could rely on.
(Jinyiwei Prison Case: Lu Guokai)
Lu Guokai.
Did you frame my father
to rise through the ranks?
Shen Bingfan wanted to see my files,
and you let her?
By regulation, as Chief Squad Leader,
she is qualified to access them.
Besides, any files open for borrowing
are safe to be seen.
There are no flaws.
Rest assured, my lord.
What would I have to worry about?
She said
she greatly admires you.
Enough.
You may go.
Yes, my lord.
Shen Bingfan...
Why is she investigating my record?
Your Highness.
A letter was left on the veranda.
Why are you in such a panic?
(In honor of Your Highness's
22nd birthday,)
(on the day of your celebration,)
(I shall come personally
to offer my wishes)
(and borrow
the imperial Dragon-Phoenix Jade.)
The phantom thief Feng Fuliu!
(Respectfully, Feng Fuliu.)
(Northern Bureau)
This Dragon-Phoenix Jade
was bestowed by the late emperor
as Princess Pingyang's dowry.
Feng Fuliu has shown contempt
for imperial authority.
Princess Pingyang has filed a petition
before His Majesty.
Even the Empress Dowager
has been alarmed.
His Majesty is furious.
The Cabinet has issued an order.
The Jinyiwei
will mobilize in full.
We won't withdraw
until Feng Fuliu is captured.
Yes, my lord.
But
that is easier said
than done.
My lord.
This Dragon-Phoenix Jade,
where is it usually kept?
The princess keeps it on her person.
Then,
the male Jinyiwei
may not be very convenient.
Exactly.
I have decided to assign this mission
to the female Jinyiwei
and let them guard the princess.
We swear to protect the princess
with our lives.
By the way, Guokai,
at the banquet, protect the princess
and secure the treasure.
As for whether we catch Feng Fuliu,
that is no longer important.
Yes, my lord.
At last, we have a mission
to catch Feng Fuliu.
Didn't you hear
the Commander's order?
Catching the thief is secondary.
Protecting the imperial treasure
comes first.
Do you think handsome Feng...
No.
I mean, Feng Fuliu.
Why does he always return the treasures
after he steals them?
Maybe
he is looking for something.
But what exactly it is,
even he doesn't know.
I don't care what his purpose is.
Now that we have this chance,
I must catch him
and see who he really is.
Don't celebrate too soon.
Lu Guokai is in overall command
this time.
When the time comes,
he will definitely give all the credit
to the male Jinyiwei.
We will probably just be decoration.
Chief Squad Leader Shen.
Squad Leader Hua.
Squad Leader Cheng.
Commissioner Lu requests your presence.
May I ask why you summoned us, my lord?
We're supposed
to set an inescapable trap
at the princess's manor
to capture Feng Fuliu.
I have a special mission
for the three of you.
Please give us your orders.
The princess's manor has many women.
And at the birthday banquet,
the female family members
of court officials
and titled ladies will all be there
to celebrate.
The male Jinyiwei
can only guard the perimeter.
That leaves no one
by the princess's side.
To avoid exposing your identities,
I order the three of you
to disguise yourselves
as the princess's maids
and protect Princess Pingyang.
Dress as maids?
So we are not joining the arrest?
So we are there to serve?
Well...
Your mission is to protect the princess.
The arrest will be handled
by the male Jinyiwei.
But...
But what?
In the Jinyiwei,
there is only obedience. No buts.
They are so underhanded.
They said we could join the case,
but they are just making us
serve as maids.
But with the three of us
around the princess,
Feng Fuliu probably won't
succeed easily.
Come on, don't be mad.
(Northern Bureau)
Lu Guokai will persuade the princess
to hide the real Dragon-Phoenix Jade.
When the time comes,
he will deploy the male Jinyiwei
to trap Feng Fuliu.
As for the three of us,
we are just there to protect her.
Undercover little maids, that's all.
Bingfan, Hua, Xintian.
Come on.
When you greet us,
could you put in a little effort?
At least look us in the eye.
Well...
Don't speak. Wait a moment.
Bingfan.
What were you going to say?
Guan, what brings you here?
I heard you were ordered
to capture Feng Fuliu.
I came to see
if there is anything I can help with.
Why the long faces?
If Lu Guokai tells us not to join,
does that mean we stop catching
the thief?
Since when have we ever listened to him?
You mean...
Bingfan,
we will be Princess Pingyang's
maids anyway.
If we talk the princess into it,
she will go
wherever we want her to go.
Right.
What I was worried about
is that I'm sure that fool Lu Guokai
can't catch Feng Fuliu.
So we need a backup plan.
The credit for catching Feng Fuliu
must belong to us female Jinyiwei.
Now that is more like it.
Where there is a will,
there is a way.
Bingfan,
I don't want Hero Feng to be caught,
but
I want you to be happy.
Tomorrow, we should ask Xu Duoyu
to come too.
Those strange little gadgets of his
are exactly what we need
against Feng Fuliu.
Then it's settled.
No matter what Lu Guokai plans,
we need a plan of our own.
When the time comes,
we can't let Feng Fuliu
run wild in Princess Pingyang's manor.
(Bright Moon, Clear Breeze)
Young Master Chang.
What brings you here?
Bingfan and the others asked me
to attend a top-secret meeting.
What top-secret meeting?
I'm not sure.
Duoyu, come in.
Coming.
Young Master Chang.
Excuse me.
What kind
of top-secret meeting are you having?
Since it is top secret,
not just anyone can join.
It has to do with Feng Fuliu, right?
What does that have to do with you?
I'm going back to my room.
You are not a government officer.
You cannot join.
I can't go back to my own room?
Bingfan.
Am I late?
Guan, go on in.
What?
I...
I can't enter my own room?
He can go in, but I can't?
Bingfan, he is playing with my bird.
Stop playing with my bird.
He is an eighth-rank constable
of the Ministry of Justice.
What office or rank do you hold?
I...
You couldn't handle it.
You won't let me join the meeting.
That means you suspect me, doesn't it?
Since you asked, yes.
But
I hope my suspicion is wrong.
So don't make this harder for me.
Fine. I won't go in.
Just don't blame me
for leaking secrets
when you fail to catch Feng Fuliu.
Stop playing with my bird.
Everyone,
this
is what I spent all night calculating.
Feng Fuliu's likely theft route
and his escape route.
How did you calculate all that?
Duoyu.
You are a genius.
Also,
I figured out
that Feng Fuliu
never hurts anyone during his thefts.
So his usual tricks
are disguise and knockout incense.
But his footwork is exceptional,
so he is hard to catch.
When it comes to footwork,
I have some confidence.
But I can't beat him.
He is too agile.
My slingshot can't hit him either.
So,
we cannot give him a chance
to use his footwork.
That is too hard.
Among us,
who can capture Feng Fuliu alive?
Young Master Chang.
Can Young Master Chang do it?
We absolutely can't use him.
Let me think.
Is there some mechanism
that can restrain Feng Fuliu?
Hua, if you were Feng Fuliu
and had to steal the Dragon-Phoenix Jade
under so many guards,
what would you do?
Me?
I would create chaos
and strike in the confusion.
That is what I thought.
I will go to the Commander
and ask him to place archers
where Feng Fuliu
might escape.
Young Master Chang.
Xintian.
You have been getting better lately.
Young Master Chang, don't tease me.
I'm not teasing you.
I have seen your progress.
Keep practicing.
Okay.
Was that a meeting just now?
Yes.
I thought you would be attending too.
Is it about catching Feng Fuliu?
How did you know?
Bingfan must have told you, right?
Of course.
But
I'm a little worried.
Feng Fuliu...
Can he really be caught?
Don't worry.
We have made a perfect plan.
But he is Feng Fuliu.
Will your plan work?
Our plan is
to make him think he has won,
then, while he is getting smug,
take him down in one strike.
How ruthless.
What a sharp plan.
What exactly is it?
I'll tell you.
You can't tell anyone else.
Who would I tell?
Tell me.
♪Because you once entered my dreams♪
♪Truth and illusion blur in wine♪
♪My heart drifted lost♪
♪Yet found you in the crowd♪
♪My blood still burns
as the world surges♪
♪The land is fair, and you are free♪
♪Sword drawn, lost in obsession♪
♪I've softly let it go♪
♪The vow you made was true♪
♪Yet like clouds, it stops for no one♪
♪Put away those dreamlike words♪
♪And forget at world's end♪
♪Embracing memory♪
♪Through blossoms and dreams♪
♪You hide in the crowd, silent♪
♪I wish to let it pass♪
♪And run toward this vast life♪